asl-testing/timed-loads-using-asl-file.md, before:

# Timed loads (in milliseconds) using the asl file

Manual load timing starts the frame the load is visible to the frame the load is no longer visible (faded to black)
Measuring the ASL frames starts from the second frame the timer is on the same number to the frame the timer is not on the same number.

## Pokitaru:


## Ryllus:
15539
12810
15462
12783
17161
12790
12819
14935
15098
15125
15531
15513
15080
12801
14946
12809
12803
12788
12805
17166
15525
12841
15525
14892
13462
17202
17174
14903 
14911 
17202

# Kalidon
15524
15103
12813
15461
15511
14931
15528
17189
17181
12809

# Metallis (ratchet floating)
4772
4736
4764
4761
4757
4722
4705

# Giant Clank 1
2463
2470
2457
2491
2473

# Dreamtime
17100
17070
17063
17046
17299
17209
17219
17192

# Moo ship
13404
14875
15469
15427
14869
12764
15485
15515
15055
15043
14896
12781
14899
12765
15047

# Remains ship
12758
12720
12707
14835
17084
17083
17117
17073
12746
13373
17065

# Challax ship 1 before giant clank 2
12824
13480
17187
13448
15560
14904
14917
15529
17192
17165
15559
13447
15512
15513
15551
13461
15488
14909
17165
17150
17141
15511
15508
15526
15529
15500
12798

# Giant Clank 2
2417
2437
2413
2417
2420
2430

# Challax ship 2 after giant clank 2
14987
14997
15014
15001
15015

# Dayni ship 1
15406
15517
15392
15407
15001
12683
15420
14989
17129
17104
17101
17132
12717

# IC ratchet using shrink ray
2401
2546
2447
2505

# Dayni 2 ratchet floating
2624
2697
2688
2626
2631
2703

# Quodrona ship
15622
13400
15481
15502
15502
15532
15382
15484
15495
13376

Estimate total laod variation is 27

Commit message:

Near the end of the SM load normalization project. I normalized all of the runs manually and put the optimal load times into the autosplitter.

asl-testing/timed-loads-using-asl-file.md, after:

# Timed loads (in milliseconds) using the asl file

Manual load timing starts the frame the load is visible to the frame the load is no longer visible (faded to black). THESE LOAD TIMES are about 11 extra frames of the 30FPS video (0.367 seconds) of time than the manual load times.
Measuring the ASL frames starts from the second frame the timer is on the same number to the frame the timer is not on the same number.

## Pokitaru:


## Ryllus:
15539
12810
15462
12783
17161
12790
12819
14935
15098
15125
15531
15513
15080
12801
14946
12809
12803
12788
12805
17166
15525
12841
15525
14892
13462
17202
17174
14903 
14911 
17202

min = 12783

# Kalidon
15524
15103
12813
15461
15511
14931
15528
17189
17181
12809

min = 12809

# Metallis (ratchet floating)
4772
4736
4764
4761
4757
4722
4705

min = 4705

# Giant Clank 1
2463
2470
2457
2491
2473

min = 2457

# Dreamtime
17100
17070
17063
17046
17299
17209
17219
17192

min = 17046

# Moo ship
13404
14875
15469
15427
14869
12764
15485
15515
15055
15043
14896
12781
14899
12765
15047

min = 12764

# Remains ship
12758
12720
12707
14835
17084
17083
17117
17073
12746
13373
17065

min = 12707

# Challax ship 1 before giant clank 2
12824
13480
17187
13448
15560
14904
14917
15529
17192
17165
15559
13447
15512
15513
15551
13461
15488
14909
17165
17150
17141
15511
15508
15526
15529
15500
12798

min = 12798 

# Giant Clank 2
2417
2437
2413
2417
2420
2430

min = 2413 

# Challax ship 2 after giant clank 2
14987
14997
15014
15001
15015

min = 14987 

# Dayni ship 1
15406
15517
15392
15407
15001
12683
15420
14989
17129
17104
17101
17132
12717

min = 12683

# IC ratchet using shrink ray
2401
2546
2447
2505

min = 2401 

# Dayni 2 ratchet floating
2624
2697
2688
2626
2631
2703

min = 2624 

# Quodrona ship
15622
13400
15481
15502
15502
15532
15382
15484
15495
13376

min = 13376 

Estimate total laod variation is 27
